README.rst, before:

|Build Status| |PyPI version| |codecov| |Requirements Status| |Docs|

Confluence Python Library
=========================

This is a simple wrapper around the REST API which the Confluence
provides.

Note that the library is undergoing major work so don’t expect the API
to be stable until this notice is removed!

c.f. `endpoints.md`_ for a list of endpoints and whether this library
supports them yet. Please do send pull requests if you want an endpoint
that isn’t covered!

Installation
------------

::

    pip install confluence-rest-library

Usage
-----

.. code:: python

    from confluence.client import Confluence
    with Confluence('https://site:8080/confluence', ('user', 'pass')) as c:
        pages = c.search('ID=1')

Development and Deployment
--------------------------

See the `Contribution guidelines for this project`_ for details on how
to make changes to this library.

Testing Locally
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

For now there are only some basic unit tests included. These can be run
using

::

    python setup.py test

.. _endpoints.md: endpoints.md
.. _Contribution guidelines for this project: CONTRIBUTING.md

.. |Build Status| image:: https://travis-ci.org/DaveTCode/confluence-python-lib.svg?branch=master
   :target: https://travis-ci.org/DaveTCode/confluence-python-lib
.. |PyPI version| image:: https://badge.fury.io/py/confluence-rest-library.svg
   :target: https://badge.fury.io/py/confluence-rest-library
.. |codecov| image:: https://codecov.io/gh/DaveTCode/confluence-python-lib/branch/master/graph/badge.svg
   :target: https://codecov.io/gh/DaveTCode/confluence-python-lib
.. |Requirements Status| image:: https://requires.io/github/DaveTCode/confluence-python-lib/requirements.svg?branch=develop
   :target: https://requires.io/github/DaveTCode/confluence-python-lib/requirements/?branch=develop
.. |Docs| image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/confluence-python-lib/badge/?version=latest
   :target: http://confluence-python-lib.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest
   :alt: Documentation Status

Commit message:

Added integration tests and modified the travis build to ignore them for now until we know how to create a Confluence instance reliably in travis CI

README.rst, after:

|Build Status| |PyPI version| |codecov| |Requirements Status| |Docs|

Confluence Python Library
=========================

This is a simple wrapper around the REST API which the Confluence
provides.

Note that the library is undergoing major work so don’t expect the API
to be stable until this notice is removed!

c.f. `endpoints.md`_ for a list of endpoints and whether this library
supports them yet. Please do send pull requests if you want an endpoint
that isn’t covered!

Installation
------------

::

    pip install confluence-rest-library

Usage
-----

.. code:: python

    from confluence.client import Confluence
    with Confluence('https://site:8080/confluence', ('user', 'pass')) as c:
        pages = c.search('ID=1')

Development and Deployment
--------------------------

See the `Contribution guidelines for this project`_ for details on how
to make changes to this library.

Testing Locally
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

There are two sets of tests included. A suite of unit tests that verify the
models can be built correctly and a suite of integration tests that run against
a local instance of confluence. The unit tests can be run by simply invoking:
.. code::

    python setup.py test --addopts "tests"

The integration tests are more complex and require the developer to take the following steps:

- Install the `Atlassian SDK <https://developer.atlassian.com/server/framework/atlassian-sdk/set-up-the-atlassian-plugin-sdk-and-build-a-project/>`_
- Run ``atlas-run-standalone --product confluence --version 6.6.0 --server localhost``
- Wait for the server to complete starting up
- Run integration tests using``python setup.py test --addopts "integration_tests"``

.. _endpoints.md: endpoints.md
.. _Contribution guidelines for this project: CONTRIBUTING.md

.. |Build Status| image:: https://travis-ci.org/DaveTCode/confluence-python-lib.svg?branch=master
   :target: https://travis-ci.org/DaveTCode/confluence-python-lib
   :alt: Build status
.. |PyPI version| image:: https://badge.fury.io/py/confluence-rest-library.svg
   :target: https://badge.fury.io/py/confluence-rest-library
   :alt: PyPI version
.. |codecov| image:: https://codecov.io/gh/DaveTCode/confluence-python-lib/branch/master/graph/badge.svg
   :target: https://codecov.io/gh/DaveTCode/confluence-python-lib
   :alt: Code coverage stats
.. |Requirements Status| image:: https://requires.io/github/DaveTCode/confluence-python-lib/requirements.svg?branch=develop
   :target: https://requires.io/github/DaveTCode/confluence-python-lib/requirements/?branch=develop
   :alt: Requirements status
.. |Docs| image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/confluence-python-lib/badge/?version=latest
   :target: http://confluence-python-lib.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest
   :alt: Documentation status
